OCPBUGS#30133: Updates to dynamic plugin docs (#72479)
openshift/openshift-docs: web_console/dynamic-plugin/overview-dynamic-plugin.adoc

[id="dynamic-plug-in-overview"]
== About dynamic plugins

> Dynamic plugins are deployed as workloads on the cluster. They you to add custom pages and other extensions to your interface at runtime. The `ConsolePlugin` custom resource registers plugins with the console, and a cluster administrator enables plugins in the `console-operator` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic plugins are deployed as workloads on the cluster. They allow you to add custom pages and perform other extensions to console user interface at runtime. The `ConsolePlugin` custom resource registers plugins with the console, and a cluster administrator enables plugins in the `console-operator` configuration.
```

----

* Avoid selectors that could affect markup outside of your plugins components, such as element selectors. These are not APIs and are subject to change. Using them might break your plugin. Avoid selectors like element selectors that could affect markup outside of your plugins components.

> * Provide valid JavaScript Multipurpose Inernet Mail Extension (MIME) type using the `Content-Type` response header for all assets served by your plugin web server. Each plugin deployment should include a web server that hosts the generated assets of the given plugin.

Reviewer 2: Should "Multipurpose Inernet Mail Extension" be "Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension"?

[discrete]
== PatternFly guidelines
When creating your plugin, follow these guidelines for using PatternFly:

* Use link:https://www.patternfly.org/components/all-components/[PatternFly] components and PatternFly CSS variables. Core PatternFly components are available through the SDK. Using PatternFly components and variables help your plugin look consistent in future console versions.

> ** Use Patternfly 4.x if you are using {product-title} versions 4.14 and before.

Reviewer 2: Per IBM Style Guide, it should read "using {product-title} 4.14 and earlier."

See: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=references-product-versions#references-to-earlier-or-later-versions

> ** Use Patternfly 5.x if you are using {product-title} 4.15 and later.

Reviewer: :+1:

> ** Use Patternfly 5.x if you are using {product-title} 4.15 and later.

Reviewer 2: Per IBM Style Guide, it should read "using {product-title} 4.15 or later."

See: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=references-product-versions#references-to-earlier-or-later-versions

Author: Thanks @gwynnemonahan I could not for the life of me find where that was in IBM style. I had a feeling they were wrong lol
